One of the  students of Government Girls Technical Science College, Dapchi, Yobe State, identified as Fasima, said Wednesday that some of their colleagues died of exhaustion on the day of the attack by Boko Haram, following the manner they were crammed into the vehicles that took them away.  There was wild jubilation in Dapchi, yesterday, as 104 of the 110 schoolgirls abducted by the terrorist group were released by the insurgents and returned home safely. The insurgents, believed to be the Mamman Nur-led faction, transported the girls back to Dapchi in the early hours of yesterday in about nine vehicles.  Unfortunately, one of the abducted school girls, names withheld, was not freed as the insurgents insisted they took her back to their hideouts because she refused to denounce her faith (Christianity) and be converted to Islam. The girls’ release coincided with a solidarity visit of parents of the abducted Chibok girls who were in Dapchi yesterday.  But one of the released girls, who gave her name simply as Fasima, confirmed that two of her colleagues, Aisha and Maimuna, were among those who died as a result of suffocation in one of the vehicles conveying them to the insurgents’ hideouts on the day of the abduction.  “They (insurgents) brought us this morning safely, when they abducted us, they took us to one of their underground hideouts, we only heard sounds of jets/aeroplanes, but we could’t see. We were not starved one day, the insurgents allowed us to  cook any food of our choice.  “Unfortunately, five of us could not make it as they were confirmed dead on arrival at their hideouts due to suffocation in the vehicle that conveyed their batch. We are now set to go to Dapchi General Hospital for medical check up please,” Fasima hurriedly said and cut off the interview with Vanguard.  Residents said before taking them out of Dapchi to Abuja, via Maiduguri, the girls received medical treatment at the General Hospital in Dapchi. “The girls are looking terrible. Most of them are on drip because they were very exhausted and underfed,“ a medical personnel at the hospital said. Speaking on the number of girls released, another security source said some of the parents took their children away immediately Boko Haram dropped them. “We are having challenges getting the exact number of girls released because some of the parents came and took their children away immediately Boko Haram came and dropped them off. We are trying to retrieve some of the girls now but it is difficult,” he stated.  Vanguard reliably gathered that Governor Ibrahim Gaidam of Yobe is not in the country, as he is reported to be at Lincoln University College of Malaysia, Petaling Jaya, near Kuala Lumpur, to receive a Gold Merit Award conferred on him for working hard to improve education and security in Yobe State, despite the ongoing six-year old Boko Haram insurgency in the state.  The release of the schoolgirls was initially confirmed by Abdullahi Kawi, father of Aisha Abdullahi of JSS 2 and Mustapha Mohammed Dapchi, Vice Chairman, Youth Assembly of Nigeria (YAN), Yobe State chapter, whose house is located around the school. He said his friend called him to confirm that one of the girls was dropped off at Gumsa yesterday night, “while the others who were on their way to Dapchi arrived this morning” (yesterday). However, Mustapha Dapchi, said:  “I saw them dropped at the town’s motor park, near the Main Market and the insurgents who brought them in a convoy of about nine vehicles told them to go back to their respective houses.”  Another resident, Mallam Usman Ali, who lives near the motor park, where the schoolgirls were dropped, said:  “The insurgents were very friendly as they told residents that they have to return back the girls and reunite with their parents, having realized that 99% of the schoolgirls are Muslims and most of them were fasting on the day of the attack. “One of the insurgents said they thought majority of the girls are infidels, hence the attack, but regretted their actions, and have no option than to return them back to their destinations without collecting a dime from any government. Only one of the girls who refused to be converted to Islam, will not be freed as they will go back with her,” Ali quoted one of the insurgents who addressed some of the residents.  Human right activist, Mrs Aisha Wakil, expressed joy over the release of the school girls from Boko Haram captivity. Wakil, popularly called “Mama Boko Haram”, who appeared highly elated, said she received the news of the release of the girls with “great joy.” She commended the Federal Government and other parties who contributed to the development, and expressed the hope that the remaining girls, including Chibok girls, would also be released soon. “I am highly elated over the release of the girls, it is a welcome development,” she said.  Wakil had earlier indicated interest to work towards the release of the abducted girls. Also, Malam Bashir Manzo, the Chairman, Parents Association of the Dapchi Abducted Girls, said they were happy over the development. At press time, Manzo disclosed that they were currently taking head count of the girls, adding that most of them had returned to their homes. Representatives of the Chibok Parents Association had, yesterday morning, paid a solidarity visit to Dapchi to rejoice with the affected families.  Similarly, Mr Maina Musa and Ayuba Alamson, parents of abducted Chibok school girls, who coincidentally were in Dapchi, expressed joy over the development. They, however, tasked the government to secure the release of the remaining school girls in captivity. “It is disheartening on our part to see that our remaining children are still languishing in the hands of Boko Haram insurgents in the past four years,” Alamson said. Alamson noted that over 100 Chibok girls were in Boko Haram captivity since 2014. He called on the international community to support the Federal Government to secure release of the girls and others still in captivity.