President Muhhammadu Buhari has addressed Ghanaians on their 61st independence anniversary and preached peace and unity as the way forward. The celebration took place at the Black Star Stadium, Accra Ghana. Buhari expressed the hope that both Nigeria and Ghana would continue to co-exist peacefully. He paid special tributes to all leaders of the Republic, from the era of the late first President, Dr Kwame Nkrumah till date, acknowledging their various contributions in nation-building.  “In the words of Kwame Nkrumah, “those who would judge us merely by the heights we have achieved would do well to remember the depths from which we started”. No words can sum it up better as we are all familiar with our colonial era journey and its ups and downs. My tribute also goes to all those who have paid the supreme sacrifices in the cause of nation-building,” he said.  Furthermore, he congratulated the President, Akufo-Addo for what he described as “a successful one year in office”. “From Nigeria, I have watched closely your achievements, ranging from your ingenious approach to creating jobs for the teeming youths through various initiatives, including the repositioning of agriculture for modern farming, ‘Farming for Jobs and Food’, Senior High School (SHS) free education, One-District-One-Factory, and One-Village-One-Dam as well as the improvement being recorded in the Republic’s macroeconomic indicators. All these efforts, I am aware, have made Ghana to become a good destination for foreign direct investment just like Nigeria. Accept my congratulations!”, he said.  Speaking further, Buhari lauded the efforts of the Ghanaian government in tackling corruption and especially, the quick passage of the Office of the Special Prosecutor Act and its signing into law. He, therefore, gave the assurance of Nigeria’s cooperation in all matters that involve tackling the menace. “Your Excellency, you can be assured that you have a good partner in me as I look forward to any form of collaboration between Nigeria and Ghana in tackling the menace of endemic corruption. Given all these public policies, it becomes reassuring that with the right leadership, Africa’s drives to eradicate poverty and to entrench democracy is on course. Once again, I note with pride that our common colonial experience, as well as parallel socio-economic and political development and the patriotic vision of our leaders have helped greatly in shaping this unique relationship not only in West Africa sub-region but in our collaborative actions internationally. It is therefore my strong desire that we owe it as a duty to ensure that our good peoples continue to live in each other’s countries unhindered.”  President Buhari also used the opportunity to appeal to warring parties in Togo to resolve their differences, while acknowledging the role played by Ghana is ensuring such. “Permit me to put on record, Ghana’s untiring efforts in brokering peace in Togo, by bringing all the warring parties to the negotiation table. I am appealing to the opposing parties in Togo to please come together and resolve their differences so that Togo will move forward. In the same vein, I wish Nigeria and Ghana to continue to provide the impetus in realising the objectives and ideals of the founding fathers of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), to ensure security, peace and development of our region. Your Excellency, Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of the Government and people of Nigeria, I join other well-wishers to congratulate the Government and the good people of Ghana on this momentous occasion of your celebration of freedom. “Long Live, the Republic of Ghana, Long Live, the Federal Republic of Nigeria”. 