Manchester City are poised to winning the Premier League title after comprehensively beating Arsenal for the second time in five days, says manager Pep Guardiola. Goals from Bernardo Silva, David Silva and Leroy Sane at Emirates Stadium extended City's lead at the top of the table to 16 points. With 10 games remaining, they need five victories to secure the title. "It's in our hands, we can't deny it. These are the last steps to be champions. You keep going until the end," Guardiola said.  After beating the Gunners 3-0 in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday, City dominated in a toxic atmosphere in a stadium featuring large areas of empty seats. Bernardo Silva opened the scoring in the 15th minute, beautifully curling in a left-footed strike into the far corner after Sane's mazy run. David Silva finished off a fine team move in the 28th minute for City's second before Sane did the same five minutes later.  Arsenal had the opportunity to cut the deficit shortly after half-time but Ederson saved Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's penalty. "We played with low confidence, you could see that at the start of the game and we paid for it. We lost to a team that is the best in the country at the moment," Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said. City's victory - in Guardiola's 100th game at the club - extended their lead over second-placed Manchester United, while Arsenal stay sixth, 10 points off the top four.  City were clinical on Sunday in securing Guardiola's first trophy at the club, although Wenger suggested the game was closer than the 3-0 scoreline suggested.  At the Emirates, particularly in the first half, City were at their free-flowing best and Wenger could have no complaints. Sane dribbled past four defenders for the opening goal before Bernardo Silva's accurate finish and the hosts looked helpless in attempting to prevent the following two goals. For the second, Sane, Sergio Aguero and David Silva combined brilliantly and the Spaniard calmly fired past Petr Cech.  The third then came at the end of a flowing move with Kyle Walker squaring to German Sane from in behind the left side of Arsenal's defence. "Mentally we were strong. We were clinical. We scored three outstanding goals. It is never easy if you are not focused against teams like Arsenal. We were [focused] and so far we have made an amazing Premier League season," Guardiola said.  Guardiola's side are 30 points clear of Arsenal and, with their 16-point lead over Manchester United restored, could win the title in a little over a month when they face their city rivals on 7 April. If they were to win the title that weekend it would be the earliest the Premier League title has ever been won.