A long-awaited report into corruption in tennis says, a "tsunami" of match-fixing is plaguing lower-level tennis events. But the Independent Review Panel (IRP) has found no evidence of a cover-up of these issues by governing bodies or the Tennis Integrity Unit (TIU). The report also shows no evidence of top-level players being implicated.  The panel which BBC Sport understands cost close to £20m to fund spoke to more than 100 players. Its report says there is a "very significant" corruption problem at "lower and middle levels of the sport" and especially in the men's game. It found "some evidence of some issues" at higher levels, such as Grand Slams and Tour events, but the evidence does not reveal a "widespread problem" in elite professional tennis. Other key findings include: One betting operator said "the situation in tennis is grimmer than grim"  Report authors were told of a "match-fixing 'season'" from October until the end of the year with "traces of up to two or three fixed matches per day" in International Tennis Federation (ITF) tournaments, Investigations at Grand Slams were "insufficient", while other investigations were "inappropriate or ineffective, resulting in missed opportunities", The ATP, the organisational body of men's professional tennis, is guilty of "failing to exhaust potential leads before ending investigations", The TIU should be reorganised and reformed, The report also proposes an end to betting sponsorship in tennis, especially tournaments, The IRP was set up in January 2016 after a BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation uncovered suspected illegal betting.  The report received 3,200 survey responses from players at all levels around the world, of which 464 said they had first-hand knowledge of match-fixing. It also draws on statements from more than 200 key stakeholders in professional tennis, including from governing bodies, tournament organisers and betting operators.  The governing bodies of professional tennis - the ATP, WTA, ITF and Grand Slam Board - released a joint statement in response to the report, agreeing with its findings and confirming an "agreement in principle" to implement all the recommendations. They said they "recognise" the "vulnerabilities" in the sport, particularly at lower levels, and are "committed to seizing the opportunity to address these concerns through firm and decisive action".  The statement also welcomes the IRP's finding that the panel has "seen no evidence of any institutional corruption" or a cover-up by tennis authorities and the TIU. But it does not directly address the report's judgement the ATP "failed to exhaust potential leads before ending investigations". Each body will conduct "detailed exploration and analysis" before responding to the 12 recommendations prior to publication of the final report.