The differences between All Progressives Congress, APC, governors and President Muhammadu Buhari over the structure and future of the party widened, Tuesday, after a reconciliatory meeting on the issues ended in a deadlock. The stalemate in the Villa came as the embattled National Chairman of the party, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, yesterday, inaugurated a technical committee to recommend a way out of the imbroglio over the extension or not of the tenure of the executive structures.  Several governors, who attended the meeting with the President, came out wearing angry faces  reflecting their bitterness over the President’s last-minute withdrawal of support for the extension of the tenure of executives of the party across board. One of the governors leaving the venue of the meeting was heard telling his colleagues, “some people who think they are tall, think they can control us, it will not work.”  The closed-door meeting in the council chamber of the Presidential Villa earlier scheduled to start at 2.00 p.m. did not start until 2.15 p.m. a situation that further stretched the governors. The President, nevertheless, apologised for his lateness to the meeting, saying “I apologise for coming a bit late.” The meeting came against the background of the uncertainty thrown into the future of the party’s structures upon assertions by President Buhari at last week’s meeting of the National Executive Committee, NEC, where he turned against the earlier decision to extend the tenure of the Odigie-Oyegun-led NEC and similar executive committees at the zonal, state and lower levels.  Majority of the governors and state chairmen, according to Vanguard findings, were supportive of the decision as it would allow the governors most of who have control of their state structures to supervise the conduct of the primaries for the 2019 elections. It was also learned, that President Buhari will formally declare his interest or otherwise in a second term after the resolution of the increasingly protracted dispute.  All attempts by correspondents to gather information on the proceedings at the meeting were futile as one of the governors said there was an agreement not to divulge information to journalists. Vanguard, however, gathered that the extension of the tenure of the party’s executive committees took centre stage.  Also part of the informal agenda of the meeting was a proposal for the governors to adopt a structure for the President’s re-election campaign. It was gathered that the meeting was very stormy with the governors expressing their opposition to the President’s assertion on the illegality of an extension of the executive structures.  One source said that at a point, the President excused the meeting for the governors to come up with another date for further deliberations. Governor Abdulazeez Yari, Chairman of Nigerian Governors Forum, was said to have proposed April 9 and 10 but was countered by a strong supporter of the President among the governors on why he picked those dates. The challenge may have been because the pro-Buhari governor may have been earlier informed of the President’s trip to the United Kingdom.  Earlier, before President Buhari entered the Council Chambers for the meeting, the governors had formed a circle around Governor Rochas Okorocha, Chairman of the APC Governors Forum, as they engaged one another in a heated debate. Some were overheard saying “what they are bringing to the table today, we will not allow it to stand. This is a coup, and we will not allow it to stand.” One was overheard saying angrily in Hausa language, “ba zamu yeda ba,” meaning, “we will not agree.” Another governor was overheard saying that they would not allow themselves to be controlled by anybody.  At least, 21 governors were present at the meeting which also had in attendance Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, and Deputy Chief of Staff to the President, Ade Ipaye. Sources at the meeting also disclosed that the dispute may have put forward the schedule of Buhari’s public declaration of his second term bid. “Baba will come out to speak about whether he will run or not after the resolution of the tenure elongation issue,” a source said last night.  Governors who attended the meeting yesterday included Yahaya Bello (Kogi), Jubrilla Bindow (Adamawa), Badaru Abubakar (Jigawa), Rauf Aregbesola (Osun), Atiku Bagudu (Kebbi), Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Abdufattah Ahmed (Kwara). Others were Godwin Obaseki (Edo), Abdullahi Ganduje (Kano), Tanko Al- Makura (Nasarawa), Kashim Shettima (Borno), Rochas Okorocha (Imo), Akinwunmi Ambode (Lagos), Abiola Ajimobi (Oyo), Abubakar Sani Bello (Niger), Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto), Abdulaziz Yari (Zamfara), Simon Lalong (Plateau), Samuel Ortom (Benue), Nasir El-Rufai (Kaduna) and Ibikunle Amosun (Ogun).