More than 60 people have been killed in twin suicide bombings in Mubi, northeast Nigeria, on Tuesday, two local residents who attended funerals of the victims told AFP. Suicide bombers killed dozens of people at a mosque and a market in northeast Nigeria on Tuesday, in a twin attack bearing the hallmarks of Islamist insurgents Boko Haram.  One, Muhammad Hamidu, said: “I took part in the burial of 68 people. More bodies were being brought by families of the victims.” Another, Abdullahi Labaran, said: “We left 73 freshly dug graves where each victim was buried.” The blasts, said to have been carried out by young boys, happened shortly after 1:00 pm (1200 GMT) in Mubi, some 200 kilometres (125 miles) from the Adamawa state capital, Yola. Imam Garki, from the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), said a joint assessment with the police and Red Cross found that 26 people were killed and 56 were injured, 11 of them critically. They were transferred to the Federal Medical Centre in Yola for treatment. But a medical source at the Mubi General Hospital said they had received 37 bodies, while a rescue worker involved in the relief operation said he counted 42 dead and 68 injured. “These I saw with my own eyes. We were counting as they were being taken,” said Sani Kakale.  Two local residents who attended funerals for the victims said the death toll was much higher — and could climb further. “Before I left the cemetery I took part in the burial of 68 people. More bodies were being brought by families of the victims,” said Muhammad Hamidu. “I think this is the worst attack Mubi has ever witnessed. The human loss is unimaginable.” Abdullahi Labaran added: “We left 73 freshly dug graves where each victim was buried. There are still unclaimed bodies at the hospital.  Meanwhile, President  Buhari has expressed reservations on the call for the establishment of state police as being advocated by state governors, saying Nigerians must abide by constitutional provision  on the matter. The President also approved the recruitment of 6,000 policemen to address the insecurity problem in the country. Chairman of Nigerian Governors’ Forum, Abdulaziz Yari, had last February, said creation of state police would help in addressing the problem of insecurity in the country, especially the herders/farmers’ crisis. Yari, who is also the Zamfara State governor, had stated this at the end of a two-day summit organised by the Senate Ad hoc Committee on Review of Current Security Infrastructure in Nigeria. “Today we have reiterated the position of Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo.  And the position of the security summit we held in August, that there is a need for state police; we can say it is the only answer," Yari had said.  However, while the President’s rejection of state police drew the support of former Lagos State police commissioner, Abubakar Tsav, it received condemnation from Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, and spokesman of Coalition for Nigerian Movement, CNM, Akin Osuntokun. Speaking in an interview with the Voice of America, VOA, in Washington, USA, yesterday, President Buhari, who is currently on an official visit to the US, maintained that the creation of state police will not augur well for the finances of the states, adding that some of them are finding it difficult to meet financial obligations to workers and other state needs.  “We must carefully look at the position of the nation’s constitution on the issue of state police before we take final decision on the matter; if the constitution allows state police, so be it. But don’t forget that many times the Federal Government gave out what we referred to as bail-out to state governments for payment of workers’ salaries. How many states can pay salaries promptly? And you want to add more financial burden to the states? “It is not proper to employ a person, train him on how to handle weapons and then refuse to pay him — you can imagine what would happen in such situation,” he said.