Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, Thursday, assured leaders and elders from four of the six geo-political zones of the country, under the aegis of Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum, that the upper chamber will revisit the rejected devolution of power items in its constitution amendment exercise.  He noted that the National Assembly was ready to play its role to ensure that the country continues on the path of democracy and growth, adding that to strengthen the country’s democracy, the number one institution Nigerians must defend is the parliament. The Senate President added that the 8th National Assembly has been working hard to create an enabling environment that will attract investors and that the federal legislature will continue along that line.  On the call to revisit clauses that were rejected during the ongoing constitution review process, Saraki said the National Assembly was ready to reconsider the clauses and will  do so after the passage of the 2018 budget. Earlier, Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum, who stormed the National Assembly, said Nigeria as a country was at the moment on the edge of the precipice, if serious steps were not taken. The leaders condemned in very strong terms, the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Executive for its “flagrant disregard for the legislative arm of government.”  The leaders, led by South South leader, Chief Edwin Clark, also expressed worry over the state of affairs in the country, especially the wanton killings and destruction of property across the country, noting that Nigeria is in a state of despondency. They added that there is the need for a national emergency if the myriad of crises and problems facing the country are to be resolved. The Forum comprising South-South, South-East, South-West and the Middle-Belt also pleaded with the National Assembly to work towards providing for Nigeria, a constitution that will not make Nigerians feel that they are outside the country, but one that will be all-encompassing in nature.  According to them: “The time has come for the country to put in place true federalism, where the essence of living together and why we must co-habit must be discussed,” just as they called for the implementation of the report of the 2014 Constitutional Conference if Nigeria must get it right. The positions of the leaders of the zones were presented by President-General of Ohanaeze, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, just as they stressed that the multi-faceted problems confronting the country must be collectively addressed as the onus of saving the country was on the National Assembly as the true symbol of democracy and microcosm of the people. The leaders noted that a restructured Nigeria anchored on devolution of powers and functional fiscal federalism was the only way out of the crises bedeviling the nation.