Vladimir Putin has been sworn in for a fourth term as president of Russia, after winning the election in March. Putin has been in power for 18 years, whether as president or prime minister, and opponents have likened his tenure to the reign of a tsar, or emperor. Russian TV showed Mr Putin, 65, leaving his Kremlin office and walking to the ceremony, down long corridors.  Riot police confronted protesters against his rule in Moscow and other Russian cities on Saturday. More than 1,000 arrests are said to have been made in 19 cities. Nearly half of the reported 1,000 arrests on Saturday were in Moscow. The biggest complaint among Russians surveyed by the Levada Centre, a major sociological research body, was that Mr Putin had failed to reduce the wealth gap (the top complaint for 45% of respondents). Another top complaint (for 39%) was the failure to refund Russians who lost savings during market reforms.  Mr Putin's most praiseworthy achievement was restoring Russia's world status as a great power (47%), according to the poll. It was conducted last month among 1,600 Russians in 136 towns and cities. Compared with a similar poll in 2015, there was a doubling of complaints that Mr Putin had failed to raise wages, pensions and benefits.  Mr Putin was re-elected prsident with more than 76% of the vote, his best ever election performance, but widespread irregularities were reported by some international observers. Allegations of ballot-rigging had dogged previous elections too. Domestic opponents accuse Mr Putin of undermining democracy in Russia - a policy dubbed "managed democracy" - to keep genuine opposition parties out of parliament and ensure that he and his allies retain power indefinitely.  The country's best-known opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, was barred from standing against Mr Putin, on grounds of a conviction for embezzlement which he denies and alleges was politically motivated. Mr Navalny was arrested briefly as he tried to join Saturday's unauthorised protest rally in Moscow under the slogan "He's not our tsar".  First elected president in 2000, Mr Putin renewed his four-year term in 2004 before stepping aside in 2008 to serve as prime minister under his protege, Dmitry Medvedev, because by law he could serve only two consecutive terms. Few doubted who was really in charge and in 2012 Mr Putin returned as president, this time for a term of six years.  When he reaches the end of his fourth term in 2024, he will have been in power for nearly a quarter of a century. That would still fall short of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin's 31 years in power or, indeed, the reigns of some Russian tsars such as Alexander II (26 years) and Nicholas I (30 years). Ordinary Russians welcomed the stability associated with Mr Putin's early years in office when inflation was reined in and basic state functions like the welfare system were shored up.   