Organized Labour Tuesday warned that Nigeria workers would in 2019 general elections vote against any government that refused to pay the new minimum wage currently being negotiated in the country. President of Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, who gave the warning while addressing workers and other guests including government officials led by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo , at the Eagle Square,Abuja, Venue of the 2018, National May Day celebrations, also raised alarm that the heightened insecurity in country was drifting to Nigeria to the precipice.  Wabba who  equally  warned against any attempt to renegotiate the minimum wage once it was agreed on, said: “The recent nation-wide minimum wage public hearings have unmasked the enemies of Nigerian workers. We insist that once the Minimum Wage Act is signed into law, all employers in public and private sectors must pay at once. We shall stand with those willing to pay more than the minimum. We shall resist any move to renegotiate the minimum wage at any level.  “The Federal Government must ensure that federal allocations are not released to states and local governments that refuse to implement the new minimum wage. We are battle ready against public and private organizations that would refuse to conform to the new minimum wage. At our disposal is the power of our votes! We shall ensure that governments that refuse to pay the new minimum wage will not receive the support of the working class, pensioners and their families.”  The NLC president who also raised concerns over rising unemployment, poverty, inflation and general state of the economy, called on the government to immediately address the frightening insecurity across the country, saying “With the military deployed in twenty-seven of our states, it is very clear that the country is drifting to a precipice.”  Representing President Buhari, Vice president Yemi Osinbajo, said government was genuinely committed to upward review of the workers’ wages, especially in the face of the current economic realities. The argument for a national minimum wage, according to Osinbajo, “cannot be faulted because minimum wage is the minimum amount of compensation an employee must receive for putting in his or her labour and as such should be anchored on the principles of social justice, equity, and fairness.”  He said those who could pay above the social protection floor were free to do so, as many had been doing in many states and sectors of the economy, saying :"This administration has no intention of presiding over the dismantling of the gains organized labour secured for its members almost four decades ago. It is my hope, therefore, that the Tripartite Committee comprising government, labour, and the private sector will expedite its assignment to enable the Federal Government to present an Executive Bill on a new National Minimum Wage to the National Assembly for passage into law, as soon as possible. In the meantime, the Federal Government and the state governments will continue to work together to improve the conditions of workers across the country.”  He acknowledged the historical contributions of Nigerian workers and organized labour to the political, economic, social and cultural development of Nigerian,  declaring that  “from the struggles for independence; right through to the clamour for the restoration of the democratic order, and, in the last 19 years, for the sustenance of the freedoms guaranteed by our democracy. I must also say that Nigerian organized labour has contributed actively towards helping Nigeria get out, in record time, of an economic recession arising from past economic mismanagement.” 